README.md, before:

# The Libyui Testing Image

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/libyui/docker-devel.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/libyui/docker-devel)

This repository builds a [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) image which is used
for running the CI tests at [Travis](https://travis-ci.org/).
The built image is available at the [libyui/devel](
https://hub.docker.com/r/libyui/devel) Docker repository.

## Automatic Rebuilds

- The image is rebuilt whenever a commit it pushed to the `master` branch.
  This is implemented via GitHub webhooks.

- Additionally the image is periodically rebuilt to ensure the latest YaST
  packages from the [devel:libraries:libyui](https://build.opensuse.org/project/show/devel:libraries:libyui)
  OBS project are used even when the image configuration has not been changed.
  The build is triggered by the [docker-trigger-libyui-devel](
  https://ci.opensuse.org/view/Yast/job/docker-trigger-libyui-devel/)
  Jenkins job.

- The upstream dependency to the [opensuse](https://hub.docker.com/_/opensuse/)
  project is defined so whenever the base openSUSE system is updated the image
  should be automatically rebuilt as well.

## Triggering a Rebuild Manually

If for some reason the automatic rebuilds do not work or you need to fix
a broken build you can trigger rebuild manually.

- Go to the [Build Settings](
https://hub.docker.com/r/libyui/devel/~/settings/automated-builds/) tab
and press the *Trigger* button next to the *master* branch configuration line.

- If you need to trigger the build from a script check the *Build Triggers*
section at the bottom, press the *Show examples* link to display the `curl`
commands. (The commands contain a secret access token, keep it in a safe place,
do not put it in a publicly visible place.)

## The Image Content

This image is based on the latest openSUSE Tumbleweed image, additionally
it contains the packages needed for building the libyui packages.

## Using the image

The image contains an `libyui-travis` script which runs all the checks and tests.

The workflow is:

- Copy the sources into the `/usr/src/app` directory.
- Run the `libyui-travis` script.

Commit message:

Build a Docker image for the SP3 branch

README.md, after:

# The Libyui Testing Image

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/libyui/docker-devel.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/libyui/docker-devel)

This repository builds a [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) image which is used
for running the CI tests at [Travis](https://travis-ci.org/).
The built image is available at the [libyui/devel](
https://hub.docker.com/r/libyui/devel) Docker repository.

## Docker Tags

This repository builds several versions of the image which are published
by the Docker Hub with a different tag.

The images are defined in the `Dockerfile.<tag>` files and published as
`libyui/devel:<tag>` at the Docker Hub. See the complete [list of tags](
https://hub.docker.com/r/libyui/devel/tags/) at the Docker Hub.

## Automatic Rebuilds

- The image is rebuilt whenever a commit it pushed to the `master` branch.
  This is implemented via GitHub webhooks.

- Additionally the image is periodically rebuilt to ensure the latest YaST
  packages from the [devel:libraries:libyui](https://build.opensuse.org/project/show/devel:libraries:libyui)
  OBS project are used even when the image configuration has not been changed.
  The build is triggered by the [docker-trigger-libyui-devel](
  https://ci.opensuse.org/view/Yast/job/docker-trigger-libyui-devel/)
  Jenkins job.

- The upstream dependency to the [opensuse](https://hub.docker.com/_/opensuse/)
  project is defined so whenever the base openSUSE system is updated the image
  should be automatically rebuilt as well.

## Triggering a Rebuild Manually

If for some reason the automatic rebuilds do not work or you need to fix
a broken build you can trigger rebuild manually.

- Go to the [Build Settings](
https://hub.docker.com/r/libyui/devel/~/settings/automated-builds/) tab
and press the *Trigger* button for the required Docker image.

- If you need to trigger the build from a script check the *Build Triggers*
section at the bottom, press the *Show examples* link to display the `curl`
commands. (The commands contain a secret access token, keep it in a safe place,
do not put it in a publicly visible place.)

## The Image Content

The images contain all development packages needed for building the libyui
packages.

## Using the image

The images contain an `libyui-travis` script which runs all the checks and tests.

The workflow is:

- Copy the sources into the `/usr/src/app` directory.
- Run the `libyui-travis` script.
